# HDFC-Payment-Gateway-magento-Extension

HDFC PAYMENT GATEWAY MAGENTO EXTENSION will help you in receiving payment to your online store.Apart from hundreds of Payment gateways available in the market, if you are looking for HDFC payment gateway to integrate it with your Magento store, then you are at the right place. Web technology Codes has an extension which gives you a feature of Collecting payment using HDFC payment gateway for your Magento store There are several reasons why you might looking for the HDFC payment gateway extension. HDFC is widely used payment gateway for the transaction all over the world. Security of the transaction Preferable due to account with HDFC. Magento HDFC Payment Gateway extension will help you to accept the payment from the customers using credit card, debit card or net banking. Once installed and enabled on your Magento store, customer will be able to checkout from your store using HDFC payment gateway, Customer will be redirected to the secure pages of HDFC for further processing of transaction. Redirecting on Secure payment gateway from the merchant website may gain more trust for your customers for the checkout. Lot of customers are worrying about their payment details, and afraid entering details on the website. This will add one more layer of trust for your customer to checkout from your website in easy way with their preferable payment solutions. Please note this extension currently supports Indian Currency, if you require international, do contact us for the customization. We accept all currency , so using this extension you will have the ability to accept international transaction. Best payment method for the Indian merchants and customers. Redirect method which helps to gain trust Easy to configure the extension from the admin You can use the extension for sandbox for the transaction before making it live.
100% Open source
Multi-Store Environment
Does not affect any Magento core files.
Free outstanding support and free updates for lifetime.
Easy 2-minute installation
Accept international Payments
